[Music]
hello friends welcome again here
to my channel in this video I'm going to
teach for those people who
have an ipad or iphone and maybe even
possibly just
are experiencing this is again their
new ipad or iphone and I'll teach you
how can you erase messages from
facebook and messenger that are easy way
that this is nothing new or that it has
something that is barely there there and has
invented recently and everybody knows
but you know that every day
it is always a new method of how
do ok for people who already
they know well
and I already know that and that's why I want
share with people who do not yet
they know or they just have not been given
account of how to do it then only
obviously to do this we are going to open
facebook ok and being here on facebook
we go here when they send a message
disappears around here
where it appears but in this case
example here I have a number and how
red color out there is the messenger
you know that today to send
messages on facebook need to install
the messenger or otherwise can not
send messages or see the messages that
his friends sent them ok we're going to
open then the messenger ok we say
click there and as you can see here in the
left side we have a column here
of or a list of friends with
who with whom I have sent
messages or who is chatting with
what do you want to call it you ok
so
what is done regularly on an ipad or
on an iphone is that you have to give
and you have to click on the name
of the person for example in this case
if I click here
and there appears the entire list of the
of the messages and what is done
regularly is to click on the
messages and one by one it says delete by
example here if I'm going to erase this you
I click on the message and it gives me the
options to erase and I give you delete as
can you see gives me the option says it's going to
erase I give him yes and he goes
disappearing one by one but
imagine being erasing all that
message like that one by one
like it takes a little more time
possibly this possibly exists
another new method of how to do it but
in this case we are going to do another
way
again we are on facebook we give
where the message arrives here in the
Messenger will open the messenger and
here the name or the list of
people with whom we have
chateado and possibly around there
someone that you do not want to click
want someone to see the messages that
have been because they have been chatting
Well, you just have to go to
what they have to do is
give it to have to give it to the side
left over the name of the person
for example let's look for a message
that we want to erase for example we are going to
delete
the message here we are going to give you here
look for the name of the people of the
person with whom you have been
texting and wants to make that
conversation is not going to erase him
the facebook friend is not going to
delete the message the messages that have
state to text we no longer give you we give
we slide to the left side and we will
to these options as you can see
can we what we want is to erase
the message then we give to this
red color that goes where it says delete
which is in English but we 're going
to be wet they say to delete ok and here
the data gives us another another second
opportunity to power if we want
delete it and here it says that care of
that these mean once you once
age use or erase what the
messages will be permanently deleted
there will be no way to recover the
messages
because that's what you want then
we give where it says delete conversation and
you will see what happens here on the side
left will disappear the name of
the person who in the conversation does not
there is more as you can see there
disappeared it already know easy simply
slide to the left side and say delete
we give him here he gives us another second
opportunity where it says
where he says yes if you delete the
permanently deletes messages ok
then we give it where it says
erase conversation and truth what happens
there is erasing ok ok friends like that
easy is how messages are deleted
here in messenger on facebook on an ipad
or iphone ok
so if you like the video already
they know deal in like if they do not like it
You can also comment or like you
they want is that it will be very helpful
thank you and see you soon
excellent day bye
[Music]